---
layout: post
title: sitting on the stairs..
---
Waiting..

Dafydd appears to be hosting the World _JumpingUpandDown_ championship in his bedroom. He's been causing havoc for 3 hours now and it shows no sign of stopping "any time soon &tm;"

So, sitting on the stairs, Powerbook humming, waiting..

Sky+ has no doubt recorded the Sopranos - shame there's no tv on the stairs?!

Why the stairs?

Well it gives me a start on getting to him when he _escapes_ from his bedroom, shouting and bouncing. That way I can try and get to him before he wakes Megs, which would double the problem.

Hang on..

He's put his light on again and started hitting the wall - _Frantically_

He's been this hyper for a few weeks now, really really *hard* work. Something makes him so worked up that he can only sleep when he passes out - literally.

"So give him some drugs", you say..

Hmm, could try that, a small amount of "Melatonin":http://www.melatonin.com/ and he would be asleep within 10 minutes. Works like a treat. Small capsule = instant sleep = 4 hours later *awake* and kicking

So, not such a good plan.

After all he's quite happy, everything is very very very funny right now - shit I wish I had some of the stuff his brain is running on.

So, sitting on the stairs, one more hour of Powerbook power left..

More shouting, more banging the wall really *hard*

See the key is to ignore (?!) constructively. Make too much a fuss and it's reenforces the behavior - make to little and he wakes up Megs.

Get it wrong and he might decide to _up the stakes_ and start to self harm, like so many of his kind.

So keep it down, no point shouting - he's doing enough of that for all of us.

So sitting on the stairs, thinking pleasant thoughts (sic)



