---
layout: post
title: bloody heck
---
Must be the "strangest game":http://www.welshrugbypics.co.uk/events/gallery/040612argvwls of rugby ever! 10 tries in the second-half !

It all started badly for me, DIY overran and I'd missed the first 15 mins of the game. Luckily Sky+ to the rescue and I just watched it from the start, _as live_. 

Megs and Daf we're both playing up so concentration was not great. It also did not help that SKY were doing what must be the worst coverage of an international possible. The commentators had gone missing, so the _experts_ kept us _amused_ . It was painful, and bloody annoying. Scott Quinnell and Gibbs seemed to be watching some other game completely from what was happening on the pitch.

They'd swallowed some 'negative' pills and anyone would think Wales were getting hammered (hmmm). Generally Wales seemed to be doing quite well, if a little lose and a late try flattered the home side.

The the second half..

Normally a good half-time talking and a team comes out firing. Alas.

Argentina seemed to score straight away - and very easily. Then again and again! So quickly that I thought one try was an instant replay not a new try. Wales just had no defense, none, zip.

They looked dead in the water and I saw another South Africa score coming. Argentina just kept scoring -  easily!

I got depressed.

Megs' cried, Dafydd cried, I cried.

I began to think that even the two Scotts' were wise..

Then I remembered...

_SKY+_

So I just fast forwarded the bloody thing.

Reality melted away, the little SKY clock said +30 as it wizzed along. The scoreboard in the top left got very very strange and surged to 50-44.

Bloody heck. Wipe them tears!

It's the last play of the game and Wales are running everything, they're going to win!!

Then Parker drops the ball and the ref blows...

*aaaaagh*

_Screen goes black._

_remote does not work._

SKY box has crashed. Bye bye copy of the game. Must be the excitement.

Reality comes home.