---
layout: post
title: getting subversion for osx
---
*NB* This is a work in progress..

Things you need to get..

Subversion packages for OSX (for Windows see below..)

from "here":http://homepage.mac.com/martinott/

while your there you may as well also pick up "SubEthaEdit":http://www.codingmonkeys.de/subethaedit/ which is a cool editor.

Install the package and you've got all you need to get started. 

It installs everything into /usr/local/bin and you need to hug your Terminal.app to get started. 

Fire up terminal and choose 'preferences' from the menu. Under 'When Creating a new Terminal window:' choose 'Excute this command' and make sure it says 

<code>/bin/bash</code>

then (once only) type the following...

<code>echo 'export PATH=/usr/local/bin:$PATH' >> ~/.bash_profile</code>

This just adds a path to the subversion things to your terminal. to make it live, close the terminal window and re-open.

you should now be able to type 

<code>svn</code>

and get back ..

<code>Type 'svn help' for usage.</code>

which just means that the terminal is setup properly.

The "book on Subversion":http://svnbook.red-bean.com/ has getting started bits etc.

extras you can get are things like "SCPlugin":http://scplugin.tigris.org/ and "svnx":http://www.lachoseinteractive.net/en/community/subversion/svnx/features/


how I used it...

-I create a repository as follows...-

*WRONG*

<code>mkdir /Library/repos </code>

-Cause I can't be arsed to type _repository_ all the time..-

*REVISED*

The above is slightly wrong. A better was it..

<code>svnadmin create /Library/repos</code>

to create the repository. Then..

Then I created a new folder on my desktop called <code>slideshow</code> and within it created some folders..

* branches
* tags
* trunk

Within *trunk* I put all the files and folders I wished to add as a project.

then in terminal..

<code>svn import ~/Desktop/slideshow file:///Library/repos/slideshow -m "starting out"</code>

now delete the slideshow folder on your desktop.

Then to start work you decide where the working copy is going to live .e.g desktop

<code>cd ~/Desktop</code>

and then checkout a copy..

<code>svn co file:///Library/repos/slideshow/trunk</code>

Then work as normally with this folder and it's contents

h4. Adding more Projects

Just create a folder, which includes three folders (tags, branches, trunk) e.g. homepage.

Put files into homepage/trunk.

then

<code>svn import homepage file:///Library/repos/homepage -m "Start point"</code>

*NB:* This is cleaner then what I was doing before i.e. creating a folder /Library/repos and then making each project a repository under it, by using _svnadmin create_. No need! 

*One repository can hold lots of different projects.*

h4. So What Projects do I have in my Repository?

<code>svn list file:////Library/repos/</code>

lists them!

h4. Windows

You can get it from "here":http://subversion.tigris.org/

and also get a client that extends windows shell to include svn commands called  "tortoiseSVN":http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/

You then should be able to play nicely with the others..