---
layout: post
title: year.new
---
Well it's that [time][1] again..

#### Music

Album of the year for me was [O][2] (again). Is that cheating? I tried to love Interpol with [Antics][5], the Killers and Modest Mouse - the good times are killing me :-).

William Shatner's [Common People][6] is my single of the year (honestly!). 

Actually, my iTunes _play count_ paints a different picture, one dominated by rather a lot of Marilyn Manson, Jamie Cullum(?), Goldie Lookin Chain (??) and 2Pac - hmm.

#### Play

Halo 2 - great! __Must play more!!__

#### Book

Hmm, none really :-(

#### Film

Lost in Translation, but also Shaun of the Dead. Kill Bill missed for me, but I loved Kill Bill 2. Return of the King was also great, but I missed it in the Cinema, so..

#### TV

For me [Who wrote the Bible?][8] was top TV! 

In the words of the GLC..

"Dead 2 thousands years and book sales still strong"!

Watched too much _reality_ tv but successfully dropped soaps. Sopranos was class (as always) and SKY+ is truly heaven sent.

#### Sport

Some good performances from Wales, but time to start winning? Lance Armstrong __SIX__!!

#### Geeky

[Rails][3], Rails, Rails, Rails and Rails.

#### Website

Still the [BBC][4]

#### Hero

Lance makes it Six, amazing.

#### Time of the Week

A new category! Well surprisingly, it goes to Friday morning breakfast with Matt, Mearso, Ed and Chew. Truely a meeting of great minds and one of the few meals of the week not dominated by children!  All of life is there..

1. TV reviews from Mearso
2. DIY and Fitness advice from Ed
3. [Education][7] in the finer things from Chewie
4. "Champagne"'s always entertaining stories
5. My grumpy outlook and plan to build Dams in Porth..

Thanks guys - it was great!


[1]:http://www.mpet45.co.uk/posts/show/1175
[2]:http://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/B0000AXKRB/ref%3Dsr%5Faps%5Fmusic%5F1%5F1/026-3605634-8614025
[3]:http://www.rubyonrails.com
[4]:http://www.bbc.co.uk
[5]:http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAlbum?playlistId=24013391
[6]:http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAlbum?playlistId=23912246&selectedItemId=23912241
[7]:http://www.mpet45.co.uk/posts/show/1277
[8]:http://www.channel4.com/culture/microsites/B/believeitornot/bible.html