---
layout: post
title: bear rescue
---
Drama drama *drama*

"See picture":http://photos17.flickr.com/21166718_33713943e4_b.jpg spot the bear!

Bedtime in the Evans household and Teddy Evans is missing!!!!

Oh heck!!!

Search all the rooms - no teddy..

Search outside - no teddy ..

Look up from the main road - there's Teddy

_stuck outside on the bloody roof_

Obviously the victim of a careless owner who thought it would be a good idea to throw him out of Meg's window in the roof.

hmm..

Potentially a "Rod Hull moment":http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/298801.stm

Now our roof is very very steep, even the window cleaner refuses to clean the window in the roof.

_BUT IT'S TEDDY EVANS_

So first attempt was to hang out of Megs' room and try and reach him with a curtain pole. *Not long enough*

Secondly, take the second curtain pole and tie them together..

*Long enough*

BUT..

Teddy is actually stuck by a 'paw' in the guttering - just will not budge.

"ROD HULL ROD HULL ROD HULL" - all I can think..

So I get my ladder out. -Unfortunately- it does not reach even the front lip of the roof (because of the steep driveway). But if I can just climb up and stand on the very end of the ladder - on tip-toes -

_DAMN, does not reach_

Ladder lurches away from the roof suddenly..

_ROD HULL ROD HULL ROD HULL_

Ok, now it's getting dark and Teddy is still stuck. Dafydd is not best pleased and sleep will not be an option without him.

So, putting thoughts of *ROB HULL* behind me, I start to climb out of the lower window, after all it's only 8 foot to the bear!

One step, two steps - *slip*!

Damn! 

"ROD HULL ROD HULL ROD HULL"

Bloody hell!!

I get back in through the window.

Anyway, Teddy was eventually saved. Hanging out of window, hitting him repeatedly with a metal pole and eventually he dislodged and was returned to him owner.

And Rod Hull is just a sad old guy with a bird problem on a roof.

RIP
